fix(provider/cloudflare): trim surrounding whitespace from API token (#6533)
kubernetes-sigs/external-dns: docs/tutorials/cloudflare.md

Otherwise `CF_API_KEY` and `CF_API_EMAIL` should be set to run ExternalDNS with Cloudflare.
You may provide the Cloudflare API token through a file by setting the
`CF_API_TOKEN="file:/path/to/token"`.

> Surrounding whitespace is trimmed from the token before use.

Reviewer: We should change that to something like
>  Surrounding whitespace is trimmed from the token before use. This is a fallback safeguard only - the token should be supplied already in the correct format. When enerating a token for a Kubernetes Secret, use echo -n (not echo) or printf so no trailing newline is written, e.g.:  `printf '%s' "$CF_API_TOKEN" | kubectl create secret generic cloudflare-api-token --from-file=apiToken=/dev/stdin`.

Author: Done in 9d827dc. I applied your wording with two small tweaks: fixed the "enerating" typo, and aligned the example with the Secret name/key the tutorial already uses (`cloudflare-api-key` / `apiKey`) so the command is copy-pasteable in context.

You may provide the Cloudflare API token through a file by setting the
`CF_API_TOKEN="file:/path/to/token"`.

Surrounding whitespace, such as a trailing newline (easily introduced when the

> token comes from a Kubernetes secret), is trimmed from the token before use.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Surrounding whitespace is trimmed from the token before use.
```
